1. The cutting algorithm is to clear all other image data except the selected area. When the program is running, by clicking the M key, if the program has cut content, cancel the cut mode, otherwise enter the cut mode. In the cut mode, click the left mouse button to select the upper left starting point of the cut area, and release the left mouse button at the small right corner of the cut area. At this time, the cut content is selected, and the program automatically exits the cut mode. At this time, you need to click the Y key on the keyboard to confirm the selected cutting area. If there is a cut area in the program, you need to press the R key on the keyboard to clear the cut content before you can continue to enter the cut state.

2. After the program completes the original content, the drawing method is also expanded. It can be drawn by the data entered when the program is started, or it can be drawn according to the preset data of the program itself. At the same time, the program also introduces a custom drawing function, so that the user can draw new graphics to test the graphics according to the user's own operating behavior when the program is executed.


3.
3.1 The program can draw additional graphics. When the program does not enter the special mode (selection, cut), you can click the left mouse button four times in succession, and then press w, it will generate four times the left mouse button as the coordinate as the vertex For the quadrilateral, you can also draw a triangle by clicking the right mouse button three times and then pressing w to confirm.
3.2 When selecting a graph, you need to click the S key to enter the selected state. After entering the selected state, click inside the graph to be selected to select.
3.3 After selecting the graph, click the O/P key to reduce or enlarge the selected graph, and click the A/S/D/F key to move the selected graph up, down, left, and right. By clicking K/ L key to rotate the graph counterclockwise/clockwise with the midpoint of the graph.
3.4 Before cutting the graphics, you need to click the M button to enter the cutting state. If you want to end the cutting state early, you only need to click the M button again to cancel the cutting mode. After entering the cut mode, you can select the cut area according to the method mentioned above. After confirming the cut area, click the Y key to display the cut graphics, and click the r key to restore the shape before the cut.
3.5 The program can clear all the graphics to be drawn (including the cut area) by clicking the C button, and the program can be exited by clicking the Q button while it is running.

4. The program can get the input parameters through the console, main function parameter analysis: the 0th parameter is the program path, which is automatically obtained by the program. Parameters 1-8 take (x, y) as a set of sequences, input 4 sets of sequences to form the coordinate points of the quadrilateral to be drawn. The 9th to 14th parameters are (x, y) as a set of sequences. Entering three sets of sequences also constitutes the coordinate points of the triangle to be drawn.

Console input example: the compiled program name 0.0 0.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 1.0 0.0 1.0 3.0 0.0 3.0 1.0 2.0 0.0
Explanation: Starting from the first 0, 0, the following 8 data (including itself) constitute the point coordinate information of the first quadrilateral, starting from the 9th data, and the following 6 data (including itself 0 constitutes the first The point coordinate information of a triangle.

Finally, I run this program in VS studio.